---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
 fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
 - Get started
 - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
 - Open on GitHub →
 - https://github.com/wldeh/graph-ig
---

#title
The best place to start using Instagram Graph API.

#description
Use our TypeScript client to easily access Instagram's Graph API and harness the power of social media data.

#extra
 ::list
 - **Easy to use** TypeScript client for Instagram Graph API
 - **Comprehensive documentation** to help you get started
 - **Powerful features** to access and analyze social media data
 - **Fully customizable** to fit your needs
 - Used by developers around the world to access Instagram data
 ::

#support
 ::terminal
 ---
 content:
 - npm i graph-ig
 ---
 ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
 ::card{icon=logos:typescript-icon}
 #title
 TypeScript Support
 #description
 Our client is built with TypeScript, providing type safety and improved developer experience.
 ::

 ::card{icon=logos:instagram}
 #title
 Instagram Graph API Access
 #description
 Easily access Instagram's Graph API and harness the power of social media data.
 ::

 ::card{icon=simple-icons:markdown}
 #title
 Comprehensive Documentation
 #description
 Our documentation provides all the information you need to get started and make the most of our client.
 ::

 ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
 #title
 Easy to Install and Use
 #description
 Install our client with a single command and start accessing Instagram data in no time.
 ::

 ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
 #title
 Fully Customizable.
 #description
 Customize our client to fit your needs and make it your own.
 ::
::
